README.md, before:

# Memory Game Project June 16, 2018

## Table of Contents

* [Instructions](#instructions)
* [Contributing](#contributing)

## General Usage Notes
This application is an interactive matching game. The user will click to find all 8 matches. Once the game is complete, the user will be rated by the number of move counts via a star rating of 1-3. The game also contains a timer, so the user can know how it took to complete the game in set number of moves. 



## Instructions

Originally, the starter project had some HTML and CSS styling to display a static version of the Memory Game project. The project has now been updated from a static project to an interactive one. The HTML and CSS files have been slightly modified, with the addition of font awesome and JQuery, but primarily the JavaScript file have been modified to include interactive functions like card flips, card matches, a set timer, an active reset button, and a star rating system.

To add to the game, open `js/app.js` and start building out the app's functionality.

For specific, detailed instructions, look at the project instructions in the [Udacity Classroom](https://classroom.udacity.com/me).

## Contributing

This repository is the starter code for _all_ Udacity students. Therefore, we most likely will not accept pull requests.

For details, check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Add files via upload
Add sources that attributed to the game's success.

README.md, after:

# Memory Game Project June 16, 2018

## Table of Contents

* [Instructions](#instructions)
* [Contributing](#contributing)

## General Usage Notes
This application is an interactive matching game. The user will click to find all 8 matches. Once the game is complete, the user will be rated by the number of move counts via a star rating of 1-3. The game also contains a timer, so the user can know how it took to complete the game in set number of moves.

## Sources

In order to complete the game, I used the following resources for guidance: 1) http://jsfiddle.net/tw16/JfK6N/ (CSS ease), 2) reading Stack Overflow, when creating the timer for the game, 3) utilizing Font Awesome, and 4) researching  on jQuery.com.

## Instructions

Originally, the starter project had some HTML and CSS styling to display a static version of the Memory Game project. The project has now been updated from a static project to an interactive one. The HTML and CSS files have been slightly modified, with the addition of font awesome and jQuery, but primarily the JavaScript file have been modified to include interactive functions like card flips, card matches, a set timer, an active reset button, and a star rating system.

To add to the game, open `js/app.js` and start building out the app's functionality.

For specific, detailed instructions, look at the project instructions in the [Udacity Classroom](https://classroom.udacity.com/me).

## Contributing

This repository is the starter code for _all_ Udacity students. Therefore, we most likely will not accept pull requests.

For details, check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
